# CS-465-TH

For my project, I added various flavors of frontend development to a full stack app express html (with javascript) and an Angular single page application (SPA). Rendering HTML pages is a technique to express HTML forms of JavaScript, this will require server-side rendering which is favored in simple applications where we can have static data. Angular SPAs on the other hand, load a single HTML page and simply update the content as required by users providing a snappier feel to end user experience. Because of its ease in dealing with semi-structured data, schema-less architecture and storing JSON like documents the backend was powered by a NoSQL MongoDB database. The JSON(JSON.JavaScript Object Notation) is a lightweight data interchange format which serves as a best way to make use of common syntax for exchanging data between client and server over the REST Services. The refactoring of code for the sake of creating reusable UI components significantly improved functionality and efficiency, which in turn bodes well with maintainability and scalability. Methods of API testing, including unit and integration, as well as end-to-end tests, verify that endpoints are correctly secured. Writing Tests with Authentication and Authorization Makes Sure the Data is only See By those users who are authorized users or has access to it. How to secure sensitive data in full stack application with method, endpoints and JWT The course has deeply assisted me in my professional interests and work on full stack development (Front-end + Back-end + DB management). By gaining in-depth experience on application testing and securing, I also become more employable. I have learned to become really good at solving complex problems by applying the concepts through hands-on projects, and I believe that having done this could very well make a difference when it comes to tackling real-world development challenges.
